"When you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldn’t matter whether it is Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions."
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do."
"Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.”
"The starting point of all achievement is desire."
"I was thinking one day and I realized that if I just had somebody behind me all the way to motivate me I could make a big difference. Nobody came along like that so I just became that person for myself."
"If you don’t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves."
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday."
"Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down."
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars."
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus."
"The only thing worse than starting something and failing … is not starting something."
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again."
"For fast-acting relief, try slowing down. "
“There is more to life than increasing its speed."
"It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials."
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax."
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great."
"We can easily manage if we will only take, each day, the burden appointed to it. But the load will be too heavy for us if we carry yesterday’s burden over again today, and then add the burden of the morrow before we are required to bear it."
"If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it."
"Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event."
"Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action."
"Don't mistake activity with achievement."
"One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important."
"I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed."
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can."
"Show me a person who has never made a mistake and I'll show you someone who has never achieved much."
"If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you’ll die a lot of times."
"Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work."
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one."
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle."
